hey hey hey Happy Campers look who's up
to his old tricks that's right
Yogi Bear it's open season for fun in
Jellystone Park so forget your cares
travel in pairs and whatever you do
official food inspection don't feed the
Bears who any calories cause yogi bear's
got an appetite for adventure too when
his beloved scindia's bear nap by the
grizzling chiselling brothers boy how
low can we get and their playful pet
so hold on for musical bears and foreign
affairs yogi you're so wonderful
oh that thought brought to you by the
Academy Award winning team of
hanna-barbera a classic treat for all
ages I'm smarter than the average bear
hey there it's yogi bear coming soon